Just give me under a minute and I'll
change the way you look at your life.
Just listen. Motivation isn't given.
It's built through consistent action.
It's not something you're born with.
It's the reward you get from making
consistent progress over time. You don't
get inspired without first doing the
work. Every single second you waste
waiting for motivation to strike, you
lose the opportunity to build your
dream. You don't need motivation. What
you need is discipline. The truth is
motion always beats motivation. Stop
waiting to feel ready for a moment
that'll never arrive because you've
never leveled up while you were drifting
on autopilot. So stop waiting to make
the right decision. Instead, make the
decision, then make it right. That's how
you get motivated.